1. At line 12, the number 3 will be printed because we are incrementing i over the length of prices, which is of length 3 so we iterate 3 times. We then print the iterator, 3.
2. At line 13, the number 150 will be printed. We are printing discountedPrice, which will be last updated by the last number in the array after the for loop finishes, so if we take 300 which is the last number, and multiply it by 0.5 we will get 150. 
3. At line 14, the number 150 will be printed. Again, we are printing finalPrice, which is after the for loop finishes, so we would use the last number in the array of prices as it is the last number to update finalPrice. This number is 300, and after running it through discountedPrice, it will be 150, multiply it by 100 then divide by 100, we get the finalPrice of 150.
4. The function will return [50, 100, 150]. The reason for this is because when we run the array through the for loop, we ultimately just discount the price by the discount that was given with the array and output that. So for example since our input was ([100, 200, 300], 0.5), we just halved the prices giving us [50, 100, 150]. Note that this is just the return of the function and we do not actually print anything as we do not console log it.
5. Line 12 will cause a reference error and this is because we define i with let i in the for loop. This makes i inaccessible in terms of scoping outside of the for loop block, so when we try to access i, it causes a reference error.
6. Same issue with line 12, line 13 will cause a reference error and this happens because when we define discountedPrice with let inside the for loop block, we can only use discountedPrice within the for loop so when we try to reference discountedPrice in the console log outside of the loop, it will throw a reference error
7. At line 14, this will actually work since we defined finalPrice in the function and not in a block so we can call on finalPrice and it would not throw and error, this would console log the number 150 as it uses the last number in the array that was updated in the for loop
8. This function would return [50, 100, 150]. The reason why this works is because there is no scoping issues like the previous questions and the parts where we use discounted and finalPrice are properly referenced as we used let to define them in the entire function. 
9. Again, at line 11, we are trying to console log i, which is defined in a for loop block with let so we can only reference i within that block so it will throw a reference error since we are trying to reference i outside of the for loop block
10. Line 12 will work and we will console log 3. This works because we don't change the constant of length throughout the function and it stays the same
11. The function will return [50, 100, 150]. The reason is because we don't reassign const at any point in the function which is what is supposed to happen. For const discounted, we are only rearranging the data within the const but not reassigning so this works, and for const discountedPrice, we create a new const every time we iterate in the for loop so we are not reassigning the value of const at all so our function works as intended.